Who to Pray to
Text transcription from the supplied Android app screenshots
Transcription note: This document contains the text that could be recovered from the screenshots supplied for menus 1–8. Some screenshots overlap, and some text is cropped or covered by the app viewer controls; those portions cannot be reconstructed reliably from the images alone. Menu 9 (related sites) was not included in the uploaded archive.
Contents
Menu 1 — INTRO
Menu 2 — for TRUE BELIEVERS
Menu 3 — for SEEKERS
Menu 4 — for DOUBTERS
Menu 5 — what science says
Menu 6 — MY JOURNEY
Menu 7 — our purpose
Menu 8 — secular places of

Menu 1 — INTRO
Intro
Who to Pray to, Pragmatic Prayers
Presented here are 3 rationales that may lead to the highest possibility of having your prayers answered.
Each rationale with different premises all turn out to lead to the same conclusion as to how best to have your prayers answered or be better protected from unlucky harm such as a car accident or victim of random crime.

Menu 2 — for TRUE BELIEVERS
Screenshot 1
Rationale 1 for True Believers
If you can’t get your prayers heard, you need to engage an interested advocate as a go between you and god.
We are divided by many different religions. Each one claims to be the only true one. Even though many modern attitudes make room for tolerance, there is no room in the founding texts in western and mideastern beliefs for shared supreme entities. Christianity, Judaism and Muslin each believe that there can be only one true god.
If indeed, there is only a single true god, since no single religion has a majority of the earths population, the remaining majority of the world’s people are wasting their time in useless ri orshiping
Screenshot 2
If indeed, there is only a single true god, since no single religion has a majority of the earths population, the remaining majority of the world’s people are wasting their time in useless rituals and fervor, worshiping a false god.
Today, almost all major religions believe their god or gods are merciful. If that is the case, then decent and virtuous people who prayed to the wrong god may be forgiven after death. They may not have had their prayers answered during life but will not be condemned in their afterlife. They can enter heaven.
All cases assume a person’s life on earth inflyences the ofterlfe spirits essence. | Page. 2 0 \o5c behind loved ones, your spirit will ve aware
of that Anoathaw waw ta caw it to if wan
Screenshot 3
ed Ot ne ee en rene ee ae ne ee nea
to death?
Okay, so if your virtuous parents or grandparents are in heaven and aware of those left behind, wouldn’t it make sense that you should pray to them as intermediaries to possibly intercede on your behalf to the one and only true god up there.
This way you will avoid the mistake of possibly praying to a non existent god. Your dead loved one provide a channel so you just have to live by the common virtues demanded by all religious beliefs so that you qualify for the heavenly protection.
If you are very cautious, you can be a vegetarian. Already accepted in some branches of the major religions is that you don’t need to have a rigid dress code. In essence, belief rules are really man made to suit current majority sensibilities.
Screenshot 4
are really man made to suit current majority sensibilities.
So based on this (Rationale 1), your best bet to have your prayers answered is to pray to your dead loved ones who will remember you and who led pious lives and therefore are in heaven now to help channel your prayers to the one true god.

Menu 3 — for SEEKERS
Screenshot 1
Rationale 2 Consumer Reports Version of best belief.
The criteria used in comparing the religions will be rating the ones that caused the least harm and suffering with the best record of its believers overall well being over the millennia of its practice.
Today many knowledgeable people rely on reviews and product comparisons before buying or subscribing or even joining anything.
You don’t want to be part of a religion that in the past does not have a good record of protecting its adherents.
There is now a long history of all the current traditional religions. Unfortunately, all the big 3 have a poor record on violence done on the behalf of od asa result of re Belief. THe sia ghter based on those differences continues
Screenshot 2
result of the belief. The slaughter based on those differences continues to this day because of intolerance of the differences in beliefs.
Monotheism which was a big step backwards for mankind resulted in the most fanatical and genocidal human behavior in history. Polytheistic beliefs on the other hand are more tolerant of people worshipping other deities.
People of polytheistic beliefs did not use religious justifications for violence against people of other beliefs on a mass scale as those of monotheistic beliefs.
There is one very large body of believers who believe more in the individu?’ nin immorta! Pages 2. Ti Shelief system extends irom ue teachings of
Screenshot 3
system extends from the teachings of Confucius over 2000 years ago that taught how to live a harmonious civil life that emphasized respect for elders and especially ones parents and deceased ancestors. This philosophy promoted ancestral worship practiced by the majority of Chinese to this day.
This pragmatic belief system has the best record of tolerance of other beliefs and the least loss of life due to or as a result of such belief. The lack of religious freedom today in China is a result of a totalitarian communist government that has nothing to do with ancestral worship.
The mass detentions of Uighurs today in China is a attempt by the government to quell secessionist
Screenshot 4
beliefs and the least loss of life due to or as a result of such belief. The lack of religious freedom today in China is a result of a totalitarian communist government that has nothing to do with ancestral worship.
The mass detentions of Uighurs today in China is a attempt by the government to quell secessionist fervor that had led to numerous terrorist attacks by Uighurs on Han Chinese in recent past.

Menu 4 — for DOUBTERS
Screenshot 1
Empirical Evidence consistent with the belief
Afterlife phenomenon can be separated into 2 broad categories based on oft told stories of what people throughout history experienced of deceased activities.
In one case, the experienced effects are localized to the site or objects at the moment of death of the deceased. In the other case, the effects can be anywhere.
The first or localized, are common threads in many ghost stories. Ghosts usually appear and are localized at
Empirical Evidence consistent with the belief
Afterlife phenomenon can be separate? *ories based on oPa9@\ V/s WV what people througnout nistory
Screenshot 2
Afterlife phenomenon can be separated into 2 broad categories based on oft told stories of what people throughout history
incident.
The most significant case of localized ghost story in recent times involves the Ghosts of flight 401.
In this localized event, when the plane crashed, some of the spirits of 2 pilots transferred to nearby cabin instruments instead of a house. These apparently undamaged instruments were recycled into other planes in the Eastern Airlines fleet. The deceased pilots’ colleagues and passengers on
instrume -eported many sightings of the ghost of the 2
Screenshot 3
many sightings of the ghost of the 2 pilots who died in the crash. The corroborated sightings were so significant that a TV movie was made based on it. Eastern Airlines also responded by removing all the recycled equipment to stop frightening passengers.
None localized effect
After this tragedy, there was never another fatality on any L1011 in the Eastern fleet even with subsequent accidents. Other airlines continued to have fatal accidents involving L1011 aircraft.
Two subsequent Eastern L1011 flights with potentially fatal failures of engines and flight controls were miraculously landed without injuries to passengers as promised by the pilot ghosts in some prior sightings. Look up ‘ng the accident pP39° | 4 i /:e47 1011 on Wikipedia and you will find that
Screenshot 4
me ak ep eee eae ne eg eee accident prone Lockheed L1011 on Wikipedia and you will find that
fatalities did occur afterwards in L1011s owned by other airlines.
Navigate to Ghosts of flight 401 webpage using button at top.
Another not localized but di
relatives of the deceased.
A recent example of living/spirit interaction is from Ghosts of 9/11 which tells of a deceased father communicating with his daughter in
vivid dreams but not with his surviving wife in that manner. Read about th? ‘ovided in the list bu PA9&) 5/17
Screenshot 5
vivid dreams but not with his surviving wife in that manner. Read about this in the web link provided in the list button above.
Other stories involving the Ghosts of 9/11 is that soon after death, a spirit’s energy is at a maximum whereby it can commune with any loved ones through signs like the rustling of leaves at a particular moment, or timing occurrence of other seemingly natural event as meaningful signs of communion.
In my case, that occurred the day we buried my mother. A sudden sprinkle of snow started as she was laid into the ground and the snow
stopped at the end of the ceremony. A few months later, my night blooming Cereus plant which I had for several years, bloomed for the first time on her birthday and emitted an ‘ntcnsc odor thot matched the odor Pagel) 6 )/ecit7a: her funeral.
\walmn
Screenshot 6
for several years, bloomed for the first time on her birthday and emitted an intense odor that matched the odor of all her flowers at her funeral.
Now nearly 50 years later, I continue to think about her and visit her gravesite where I try to mentall visualize everyone in our family COPY help maintain her spirit’s coher-.... and relevance to our growing family. As I will explain later using science, I believe a forgotten spirit, is a spirit that will either fade away or one that
will lose any connection with the living world.
In a recent event in my family orbit, I was spooked by the death of the only grandchild of my father’s 3" wife. She was buried at our family gravesite but her daughter by her first hushanc 1 f ay many years eay)Page|) 7 \/ (17 \stians and her Zrauusvun tau attended
Screenshot 7
wile. Sne was puried at our lamily gravesite but her daughter by her first husband moved far away many years earlier. They are Christians and her grandson had attended parochial schools. Her grandson died while helping a disabled motorist change a tire on a highway.
I believe her spirit vanished after receiving too little reinforcing energy from earthly r ~ ~ * therefore was not aware Copy ) protect
her descendent who died in a chance accident of timing. That type of event is something that should be in the realm of ancestral spiritual intervention.
At the time of death at age 23, he was a 1* Lieutenant in the 82™ Airborne Division of the US Armed Forces. Every time I visited my mom in the cemetery, I also paid my respects to her. I believe my attemnt ta convey best wis! Page 9 ‘/2 17 nd grandson use [am
not a oenetic heir and hence nat
Screenshot 8
best wishes to her daughter and grandson was in vain because I am not a genetic heir and hence not tuned to her channel. Nevertheless, I will continue to pay my respects whenever I visit my mom because I
don’t want to take the chance of offending any spirits.
There is anoth g well documented c: Copy woman in Ireland left be...... J -.....cen after dying from childbirth. I am sure, moments before she departed, she desperately wanted to protect her brood and went to the other side with a strong spirit determined to help her children. Her spirit remained strong for a long time, perhaps because of a combination of determination and constant thoughts of her by her 6 living children who remained in town and must have frequently visits to
her grav
Screenshot 9
constant thoughts of her by her 6 living children who remained in town and must have frequently visits to her gravesite.
adulthood she researched her dream and reunited with “her” now old children in Ireland. That is the amazing story of Mary Sutton. The
link to this story is provided in the dropdown button above.
greatest page’ 11 /pit7ual assistance
Screenshot 10
greatest incentive for spiritual assistance.
Trump never a religious man worshipped only his father. On his desk in the oval office while he was president was a portrait of his father. While alive, Fred Trump boosted his son Donald and bailed him out when he ran into trouble. Probably Fred’s most impossible dream was for his son to become President of the United States.
Well after he died, he probably moved heaven and earth and achieved this seemingly most improbable dream.
Page i) i2 =F 17
Portrait of Fred Trump in Oval
Screenshot 11
All things came in place just at the right time with Steve Bannon in the US and Putin in Russia.
It is well noted that during the election, Biden often talked about his dead son Beau and Beau’s wish that Joe could be President.
On the Sunday just before Election Day, Joe despite a hectic last moments schedule, paid a visit to Beau’s gravesite. It is apparent that during the election period and afterwards that Joe visited Beau’s gravesite several times.
In Kamala Harris’s case, her deceased mother always encouraged political activism for her daughter. Kamala paid tribute to her mother in her inauguration speech.
Barack Obama’s mom. and idealistic woman, | Page. 14.°/° 17 ‘er son to be a su als for the world. After her death, that came
Screenshot 12
to be a successful font of ideals for the world. After her death, that came true.
Most recently, Eric Adams the mayor of NYC thanked his mofher on his inauguration day speech. She died during his campaign for mayor and it was her dream that Eric would be mayor.
Eric Adams holding up picture of his mom during inauguration celebration.
On the CBS show 40 minutes on Jan.
16, 2022 | page’ 15 (70'17'¢ country star Chnis 5‘; les to
pred
achieve recoonition until shoartlv
Screenshot 13
On the CBS show 60 minutes on Jan.
16, 2022 I found out that the country star Chris Stapleton struggles to achieve recognition until shortly right after his dad’s death. He mentioned he loved his dad and it was a big loss for him. He released unsuccessful singles before his dad died. On a roadtrip shortly after his dad’s death he wrote song for a new signle that instantly propelled him to the top of the charts and becoming an enduring superstar. Is that just another coincidence? U don’t think so because of the timing of most of the recent even’t that need a little more help than just luck and the fact
that they occurred shortly after the death of loved parent or child.

Menu 5 — what science says
Screenshot 1
Using Science to explain Chinese Ancestral Worship
Our life is a form of energy. In this universe, energy is constantly changing form in processes like combustion where carbon fuel is converted to heat and in solar panels where light is converted to electric energy.
When we die, does all the energy that we have as living things suddenly vanish.
Right now 90 percent of the energy in the universe is called dark energy because humans have not yet figured out their nature.
The human organ that consumes the most energy in our body when there is no physical exertion is our brain. At death, is this energy invested in our memories and thoughts just complete’ can some of it chan eP 992). 1. o/ex 8 our bodies as a component oO! dark energy.
Screenshot 2
X mB sciencedocx % 3:
of it change form and exit our bodies as a component of dark energy.
A fundamental law of physics is that in the entire universe, energy can neither be created nor destroyed but can only change form.
Our brain energy is a form of coherent energy in that it is organized and not random. Wi-Fi is a form of coherent energy. Noise is a form of random unorganized energy.
Another fundamental law of physics says coherent energy will lose its coherence over time if not reinforced with new input.
For human spirits that means that if someone is forgotten, the spirit will eventually vanish into background noise.
My postulation is that only genetic relatives of the deceased can transmit new rein‘ rgy to the deceasP89® .3..4in8
existence.
Screenshot 3
X mB sciencedocx % 3:
ov
the deceased to maintain its existence.
To me, my belief which fits a framework that obeys the known
laws of the universe just makes more sense than beliefs that require immortal deities that both contradicts and cannot be explained by any laws of the universe.
In this universe, nothing stays the same forever, not even atoms.
Belief in those all powerful immortal deities have resulted in countless lives taken savagely throughout history in its name. It continues to take its deadly daily toll today.
In my belief, everyone have their
own clos and
Screenshot 4
X mB sciencedocx % 3:
In my belief, everyone have their own close deceased relatives and
don’t care or distress over other’s peoples beliefs.
My belief in this afterlife and its connections to the living does not need eternal heaven or hell or even good and evil. It just subscribes to having a loving relationship with family elders to ensure their spirit’s warm remembrance and benign intervention whenever possible to protect their living loved ones.
It is no accident that the 2 most populous nations in the world are dominated by beliefs that do not subscribe to a single all powerful
deity. In #” 2 ‘ries, the people multiplic’ Page: 5 \/c (8 creater numbers tia ai praces uiat prayed
4-—- —-- FH ~--- bas 4-48 E__ «tb 8.
Screenshot 5
X mB sciencedocx % 3:
numbers than in places that prayed to and sought protection by their monotheistic all powerful gods.
I was taught as a child in this country that humankind took a great leap forward when they adopted monotheism, Today based on all that I have learned about human history, adoption of monotheism was a huge step backwards for mankind in terms of tolerance for people of other beliefs. This intolerance and even fanaticism bred by blind belief led to numerous genocides throughout history. The ancient Greeks and Romans who believed in many gods
and other polytheistic pagan believers of old never committed genocide on the scale of intolerance bred by monotheism.
In Conclusion
Is there existence after death? Yes
Does your Pa9& © yen’ on how you behaveu wiiiie alive? No.
Screenshot 6
X mB sciencedocx % 3:
Does your afterlife depend on how you behaved while alive? No. Does good and evil play a role? No
Can prayers be ai Only if you pray to clos oPy ceased and only if a good prior re1auonship existed.
I repeat here the famous who exemplified my thesis above. They all
had a deceased close relative who is in their thoughts; Trump and his father, Obama and his mother, Harris and her mother, Biden and his deceased son Beau who allegedly wanted his father to run for president again.
George W Bush became President because his living dad at the time installed the Surpreme Court Justices that handed his son the Presidency.

Menu 6 — MY JOURNEY
Screenshot 1
Good and Bad Qi
I was a non believer like my dad who was a lifelong atheist.
In the mid 60s after more than 15 years in this country, my parents finally were able to buy a house in Flushing Queens NYC. They found an attached 2 family house for themselves and my married older sister who by then had 2 young children.
The house they chose had very bad Feng Shui that even a dabbler in FS would recognize. It had a dagger tall industrial chimney facing the front door. The property was wide in the
front and sloped downhill towards a narrow backyard. A previous tenant died in the house.
Two years later in my rent controlled apartmer Columbia Universi‘y?99&). 1/5 yy ing, my
wife and newborn son was mugged in
Screenshot 2
University where I was working, my wife and newborn son was mugged in the apartment lobby.
We quickly moved into the basement of my parents’ house in a safer neighborhood.
By then, my brother in law already had a nervous breakdown and a niece fell down the stairs and was facially scarred for life.
The day I moved in, I threw out my back for the first time lifting heavy boxes of books into the house. My back would bother me on and off ever since.
Shortly after my wife developed thyroid problem that eventually led to its removal. On 2 different occasions my parked car in front of the house was totaled by cars that careened @irectty into them badly injuring 0Pages 3/14 cars
Or AILPAwamté Aawran a dare and than a
Screenshot 3
WR WU REU US VERE OUR Y BEEUU CREW EEE Pr eeuan y
injuring occupants of those cars
On different days a dog and then a cat was ran over in front of the house. I witnessed one of the gruesome scenes as it happened.
Finally before my 2" year living there, my mom committed suicide in the house.
I then put 2 and 2 together and moved out as quickly as I could.
One day when I visited my sister who continued to live there for another year. On the visit, my son fell on the concrete floor of the basement and was hospitalized with swelling in his brain. The doctor told me he may have epileptic seizures in the future. Before my sister moved out, she had a miscarriage. Almost no house occupant was spared of some serious
Screenshot 4
occupant was spared OI some serious harm.
In later years I found out that both female spouses of our attached neighbors 2 family house died there. I also found out from neighbors after I moved out that a house behind ours was known as haunted.
Adding up all the harm in the span of less than 4 years, I became convinced that there is validity in Feng Shui and that bad Qi exists and its presence is hostile to life’s Qi.
Following my mom’s death, unmistakable signs of her spirit’s existence were revealed to me. I detailed those incidents earlier in Rationale 3.
Now certain of my moms spiritual presence in the afterlife, I started praying Phge? B Oe qur family. That is h . about ancestral worship and its links in
Screenshot 5
ancestral worship and its links in Chinese tradition.
Of course, when I mov
sought a house with ob COPY
Feng Shui. To make stnc, « svuguce out the seller’s family history there and their reasons for moving out.
I was told he had several children there and prospered and got a promotion to relocate to Florida. One of his married daughters also chose to relocate there to be near her parents; which is fantastic. The
house they lived in must have good
Qi.
Well the long and short of it is that I grew my family there as well and prospered as in the 15 years that I stayed there. My wife and I both earned our Ph. Ds and my 2 elder sons got admitted to Harvard while
No. I did not do so well after I moved
Screenshot 6
No. I did not do so well after I moved out to a house in NJ and it was predictable. I suspended my convictions because I had always dreamed of a house with a tennis court and big pool near the city where both my wife and I worked and near express bus to Manhattan.
It was also the only one I could afford with that combination of amenities. I thought the house would be great for my children and future grandchildren.
The only thing that would make me hesitate is if someone had died there. That was negative but the seller divorced his wife shortly before selling his house and his financial situation from what I could gather was diminished.
Well, I eventually paid the price for ignoring those unpromising signs.
In additi« vtet he may kids all F892). 84) Copy terrible investment that
Screenshot 7
In addition to added family strife, my kids all moved far away, I made a terrible investment that I am still
saddled with today. I purchased an expensive industrial property nearby that turned out to be contaminated. Today, 30 years later, I can’t even give it away since the next owner would have to do an expensive cleanup. I was exempt from cleanup because the state misrepresented the property to me with a negative declaration before I purchased it. I’ve been personally saddled with onerous constant repairs I have to do almost every week for the past 15 years.
Shortly after my purchase, the US signed NAFTA. Soon, all local manufacturing got went to Mexico and the building became vacant. For
almost 5 years, all my salary went to pay for t: on the
vacant phage, 9 / Copy
Screenshot 8
almost 5 years, all my salary went to pay for taxes and insurance on the vacant property.
I finally moved out of my dream house since none of my children or grandchildren are here to enjoy the now grown over tennis court and the algae filled unused pool.
The moral of the story is to not lust for things so much that you compromise your better sense. There is something to Feng Shui and that it is better to have good Qi or wind at your back like a sailboat than to head into it.

Menu 7 — our purpose
Screenshot 1
X «DB lifec... docx & :
Our Place in the Universe
The pulse of the universe is an endless cycle of creation and destruction as vast energy by its very nature never stands still and will always change form. In this universe, immortality does not even exist for atoms. We know earth itself will cease to exist one day. Whether or not our descendents can survive beyond earth is still an open question.
How do we fit into this midst and how should we consider our place in this mix. We measure our life in seconds and years. For events in the universe, time is relative and a billion
years will pass with concomitant large scale changes in planets and galaxies.
I will begin this exploratory quest for our role « ‘ering the meaning (P89@ 010 -/yo3:ures that have not reacned the cognitive stage
Screenshot 2
share TAP FILETOREAD) meny
< aB lifec... docx & :
meaning for all other creatures that have not reached the cognitive stage to ponder the meaning of life. For them, the picture below tells it all.
renewed growth. To be alive is to reproduce and evolve.
What happens over time is that one or more living thing will evolve to
3 / 38
In this view, ail lesser evolved life
Screenshot 3
X< WB lifec... docx & :
The current fittest if it survives the destruction of the solar system may surround itself with new life forms to sustain itself. Also if human descendents survive beyond the solar system, they may be in competition with other intelligent life forms for survival.
Our life and afterlife existence is part of the evolutionary process that may apply to other evolved creatures in the universe as well.
There may be a civilization that found the secret to what is currently just dark energy to us, They may be able to intelligently communicate with spirits to coordinate their power
or ability to influence the material world to enhance survival in a hostile universe. Survival is the driving force of living things.
In the pre Page, 4 \/ 15i\cca of the future fate o. the human race.
An aeenh cern chanel £1 Ane wad an ——EE
Screenshot 4
[No readable text recovered from this screenshot.]

Menu 8 — secular places of
Screenshot 1
< «DB meet... docx nA :
unday Assembly
Ethical Culture Societ
The above organizations are a good alternative in the evolution of human belief.
Another less known international organization that doesn’t as its purpose to be a community of religion related wanderers but seeks instead to help people reap the benefits ot meditation and learn about key pressure points to relieve pain.
So in essence, it is more than just a community of secular socials.
This group is uniaue in that, the most importa: Page. 2/215 ive
Screenshot 2
X «Be meet... docx & :
This group is unique in that, the most important of human supportive
interactions of touch is used in a directed way.
I know the NY city group is successful with much positive testimony from attendees over the past few years. The main goals of the NY group are
1. teach members the successful meditation technique.
2, Help members and other people who just come in for pain reduction. They do this by a combination of mind healing and trained directed massage for people off the street who come in to relieve pain.
Screenshot 3
share TAP FILETOREAD) jonny
who just come in for pain reduction. They do this by a combination of mind healing and trained directed massage for people off the street who come in to relieve pain.
o find out about local centers that ay be near you.
Meditation Centers
Screenshot 4
o find out about local centers tha ay be near you.
Meditation
I am affliated with the NYC C lat 16 Allen St. on the northeast ei i St.
and Allen St. in lower Manh..-._._..

Menu 9 — related sites
The uploaded archive did not contain menu9 screenshots. This section can be added when those screenshots or the saved Google Drive content are provided.
